<h1>Off to a good start</h1>
<h2>Creating a GitHub Pages site</h2>
<h3>My first page</h3>
<p>I set up this site by following <a href="https://docs.github.com/en/pages/getting-started-with-github-pages/creating-a-github-pages-site">Creating a GitHub Pages site</a></p>
<p>It seems that my default 'home' page is the <strong>README.md</strong> file in my repository. I'm not sure if this is correct - I assumed that the README would be used to provide some details about the project, and that I could create a separate page to be the 'proper' home page. I will look into this later. </p>
<h3>Setting up a theme</h3>
<p>I wanted to make my first page look more like a website, so I referred to <a href="https://docs.github.com/en/pages/setting-up-a-github-pages-site-with-jekyll/adding-a-theme-to-your-github-pages-site-using-jekyll">Adding a theme to your GitHub Pages site using Jekyll</a>.</p>
<p>Contrary to what the above guidance says, I <i>didn't</i> already have a <strong>_config.yml</strong> file in my repository, so I had to manually create one. For now, I have used the <i>Minimal</i> theme. It looks like there are a handful of <a href="https://pages.github.com/themes/">supported themes</a> and that it may be possible to <a href="https://jekyllrb.com/docs/step-by-step/01-setup/">customise them</a>.</p>
<h3>Uploading and linking to images</h3>
<p>I took some photos to use on various pages, and created an <strong>images</strong> folder in the repository to store them. This took me a few tries because there is no 'Add folder' button; <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/12258399/how-do-i-create-a-folder-in-a-github-repository">I found the answer here</a>, which was to click <strong>Add file</strong>, then type a <strong>forward slash /</strong> followed immediately by my <strong>chosen folder name</strong>. Apparently you always have to add a file at the same time because GitHub does <i>not</i> store empty folders.
<p></p>I wasn't sure if there was a limit on file size per photo; I was able to upload raw photos one-by-one from my phone (via OneDrive) but it was only after I tried to link to one in my README when I realised that they were far too large and would not render. I reuploaded the files at .25 size and they displayed correctly.</p>
<p>I did make a mistake when linking to the image on my 'home' page; I accidentally linked to location of the image in the repository, instead of the image itself. I found <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/questions/52876285/embedding-an-image-stored-in-github">the cause of my issue</a> and the resolution was to view the required image in the respository, <i>right-click it</i>, and then <i>copy the image address</i> for use in my HTML. </p>
